Expand help on speaker program (#1133)
SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked: src/main/resources/data/computercraft/lua/rom/help/speaker.md

The speaker program plays audio files using speakers attached to this computer.

> It supports audio files in either WAV or DFPWM format.
> To convert music into DFPWM, see https://music.madefor.cc.
> The speaker program only supports WAV files using 8-bit PCM or DFPWM.
> WAV files that have more than one channel or a sample rate other than 48000 Hz will not play correctly.

Reviewer: Sorry, been staring at this for two weeks and just finding the wordng for this incredibly clunky. I'm not really sure how to improve it - this is the best I've got:

```suggestion
It supports audio files in a limited number of formats:
 - DFPWM - You can convert music to DFPWM with external tools like https://music.madefor.cc.
 - WAV - WAV files must be 8-bit PCM or DFPWM, with exactly one channel and a sample rate of 48kHz.
```

I don't know - thoughts?

Reviewer 2: It's an improvement, but it still seems to need something.

Reviewer 3: What do you think about?

@Lupus590 @SquidDev 
```suggestion
## Audio Formats
- DFPWM
Convert audio to DFPWM with https://music.madefor.cc.

- WAV
8-bit PCM or DFPWM, with one channel and a sample rate of 48kHz.
```

Reviewer 2: @JohnnyIrvin I believe that @SquidDev prefers a good sentence over shorts snippets like this.

Reviewer 3: Any thoughts on this @SquidDev ?
